[Music]
then the heads of the fathers houses of
the Levites came near to Eleazar the
priest to Joshua the son of nun and to
the heads of the father's houses of the
tribes of the children of Israel and
they spoke to them at Shiloh in the land
of Canaan the LORD commanded through
Moses to give us cities to dwell in with
their common lands for our livestock so
the children of Israel gave to the
Levites from their inheritance at the
commandment of the Lord these cities and
their common lands now the lot came out
for the families of the kohathites
and the children of air on the priest
who were of the Levites had 13 cities by
lot from the tribe of Judah from the
tribe of Simeon and from the tribe of
Benjamin the rest of the children of
Kohath had 10 cities by lot from the
families of the tribe of Ephraim from
the tribe of Dan and from the half tribe
of Manasseh and the children of Gershon
had 13 cities by lot from the families
of the tribe of Issachar above asha from
the tribe of Naphtali and from the half
tribe of Manasseh in Dacian the children
of Moreira according to their families
had 12 cities from the tribe of Reuben
from the tribe of GAD and from the tribe
of Zebulun and the children of Israel
gave these cities were their common
lands by lot to the leaf acts as the
Lord had commanded by the hand of Moses
so they gave from the tribe of the
children of Judah and from the tribe of
the children of Simeon these cities
which are designated by name which were
for the children of Aaron one of the
families of the kohathites
who were of the children of Levi for the
lot was theirs first and they gave them
kia death Arbor Arbor was the father of
Enoch which is Hebron in the mountains
of Judah with a common land surrounding
it but the fields of the city and it's
villages they gave to Kayla
the son of Jephunneh as his possession
rust to the children of air and the
priests they gave Hebron with its common
land a city of refuge for the slave Lib
nur with its common land chatter with
its common land a steamer with its
common land :
with its common land diba with its
common land i'm with its common land
Jutta with its common land and beth
shemesh with its common land nine cities
from those two tribes and from the tribe
of benjamin Gibeon with its common land
giba with its common land Anathoth with
its common land and almond with its
common land four cities all the cities
of the children of aaron the priests
were 13 cities with their common lands
and the families of the children of
Kohath the Levites the rest of the
children of Kohath even they had the
cities of their lot from the tribe of
ephraim for they gave them Shechem with
its common land in the mountains of
Ephraim a city of refuge for the Slayer
Geezer
with its common land gibbsy with its
common land and beth horon with its
common land for cities and from the
tribe of dan el TECA with its common
land givethem with its common land age
alone with its common land
and Gath women with its common land for
cities and from the half tribe of
manasseh Tanner with its common land and
gasps women with its common land two
cities all the ten cities were their
common lands where for the rest of the
families of the children of Kohath also
to the children of Gershon of the
families of the Levites from the other
half tribe of manasseh they gave golan
impatiens with its common land a city of
refuge for the Slayer and BS Tara with
its common land to cities and from the
tribe of Issachar Keisha
with its common land dabber earth with
its common land JAMA 'the with its
common land and n Ganim with its common
land for cities and from the tribe of
Asher
Michele with its common land AB dan with
its common land Hill cthe with its
common land and Rehab with its common
land for cities and from the tribe of
Naphtali
Kadesh in Galilee with its common land a
city of refuge for the slayer hamath
door with its common land and carton
with its common land three cities all
the cities of the gershonites according
to their families with 13 cities with
their common lands and to the families
of the children of may ray-ray the rest
of the Levites from the tribe of Zebulun
Jack Nia with its common land Carter
with its common land Timna with its
common land and mahalo with its common
land for cities and from the tribe of
Reuben
beaser with its common land J has with
its common land
kerimov with its common land and Maffeo
with its common land
four cities and from the tribe of GAD
remov in Gilead with its common land a
city of refuge for the slave may a name
with its common land Heshbon with its
common land and jeiza with its common
land four cities in all so all the
cities for the children of Mirai
according to their families the rest of
the families of the Levites were by
their lot twelve cities all the cities
of the Levites within the possession of
the children of Israel were 48 cities
with their common lands every one of
these cities had its common land
surrounding it thus were all these
cities so the Lord gave to Israel all
the land of which he had sworn to give
to their fathers and they took
possession of it and dwelt in it the
Lord gave them rest all around according
to all that he had sworn to their
fathers and not a man of all their
enemies stood against them the Lord
delivered all their enemies into their
hand not a word failed of any good thing
which the Lord had spoken to the house
of Israel all came to pass
[Music]